Xet Docs for huggingface_hub (#2899)
huggingface/huggingface_hub: docs/source/en/guides/download.md

## Faster downloads

There are two options to speed up downloads. Both involve installing a Python package written in Rust.

> * `hf_xet` is newer and uses the Xet storage backend for upload/download. It is available in production, but is in the process of being rolled out to all users.

Author: Done

> * `hf_xet` is newer and uses the Xet storage backend for upload/download. It is available in production, but is in the process of being rolled out to all users.
> * `hf_transfer` is a power-tool with some limitations, but is thoroughly tested and has been in production for a long time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `hf_xet` is newer and uses the Xet storage backend for upload/download. It is available in production, but is in the process of being rolled out to all users.
* `hf_transfer` is a power-tool to download and upload to our LFS storage backend (note: this is less future-proof than Xet). It is thoroughly tested and has been in production for a long time, but it has some limitations. 
```

Reviewer: maybe some tweaks like this

Reviewer: note that hf_transfer will be mostly deprecated after Xet is rolled out no?

Reviewer 2: I don't think we had strong feelings about this, but 👍 to doing so!

> ### hf_xet

Author: I tried to add this both to upload & download in the latest version. Let me know if you think more detail is needed.

Take advantage of faster downloads through `hf_xet`, the Python binding to the [`xet-core`](https://github.com/huggingface/xet-core) library that enables 
chunk-based deduplication for faster downloads and uploads. `hf_xet` integrates seamlessly with `huggingface_hub`, but uses the Rust `xet-core` library and Xet storage instead of LFS. 

> To enable it, specify the `hf_xet` package when installing `huggingface_hub`:

Reviewer 3: xet download is enabled if `hf_xet` and the file has been uploaded with xet (i.e. Xet metadata of the file is not None). imo we should mention that too

Author: Sure, will mention that hf_xet will only be utilized if the files being downloaded are stored using Xet storage.

Author: I tried to address this with the latest version, resolving this, but please reopen if more information is needed.

```bash

> pip install huggingface_hub[hf_xet]

Reviewer 3: from @Wauplin's comment here: https://github.com/huggingface/hub-docs/pull/1622#discussion_r1995680105
```suggestion
pip install -U huggingface_hub[hf_xet]
```
